Allow verifying the genuineness of webhook events with `WebhookEvent.genuine?` (#24)
duffelhq/duffel-api-ruby: README.md

From the `APIResponse`, you can call `#headers`, `#status_code`, `#raw_body`, `#parsed_body`, `#meta` or `#request_id` to get key information from the response.

## Verifying webhooks

You can set up [webhooks](https://duffel.com/docs/guides/receiving-webhooks) with Duffel to receive notifications about events that happen in your Duffel account - for example, when an airline has a schedule change affecting one of your orders.

> These webhook events are signed with a shared secret. This allows you to be sure that a webhooks are genuinely from Duffel when you receive them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These webhook events are signed with a shared secret. This allows you to be sure that any webhook events are genuinely sent from Duffel when you receive them.
```

When you create a webhook, you'll set a secret. With that secret in mind, you can verify that a webhook is genuine like this:

```ruby
# In Rails, you'd get this with `request.raw_post`.
request_body = '{"created_at":"2022-01-08T18:44:56.129339Z","data":{"changes":{},"object":{}},"id":"eve_0000AFEsrBKZAcKgGtZCnQ","live_mode":false,"object":"order","type":"order.updated"}'
# In Rails, you'd get this with `request.headers['X-Duffel-Signature']`.
request_signature = "t=1641667496,v1=691f25ffb1f206c0fda5bb7b1a9d60fafe42c5f42819d44a06a7cfe09486f102"

# Note that this code doesn't require your access token - `DuffelAPI::WebhookEvent`
# doesn't expect you to have a `Client` initialised
if DuffelAPI::WebhookEvent.genuine?(

>   request_body: ,
>   request_signature: ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  request_body: request_body,
  request_signature: request_signature,
```
